feat: migrate auth to Modular API, Vite + TS (#741)
firebase/quickstart-js: auth/README.md

 1. Run `firebase use --add` and select your Firebase project.

To run the sample app locally during development:
 1. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
 1. Run `firebase emulators:start` to start the local Firebase emulators. Note: phone authentication required ReCaptcha verification which does not work with the Firebase emulators. These examples skip connecting to the emulators.
 1. Run `npm run dev` to serve the app locally using Vite
    This will start a server locally that serves `auth/index.html` on `http://localhost:5173/auth/index.html`. 

Running the app using the Firebase CLI:
 1. Alternatively, you can also serve the app via the Firebase CLI.
 1. Run `npm run build` to build the app using Vite.

>  1. Run `firebase emulators:start` to start the local Firebase emulators. Note: phone authentication required ReCaptcha verification which does not work with the Firebase emulators. These examples skip connecting to the emulators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Run `firebase emulators:start` to start the local Firebase emulators. Certain features that require Recaptcha are run in production environment instead of local emulators.
```
